Remember,
please hit like and subscribe for me.
Thank you so much. Okay, let's go. Hi
everyone. Today's Tuesday, February the
24th, and this is the Moneyball Morning
Report. Uh charts by Trendpider and
Gamma Flows by Manthther Q. We're taking
a look at the E- Mini S&P today, the ES.
And we can see that from yesterday, the
measured move events off of the 30
minute opening candlestick
from the prior evening, GlobeEx really
gave us a good breakdown of where we
ended up. We almost went one, two,
three, almost 4x down.
Began to build some demand here. And
these wicks kept us through the
afternoon. Now we have moved to and from
this 6850 area for about seven trading
days. And so
uh that's normally as long as it goes
before it expands out or expands down.
No clue which one we're going to have.
But what we do see for the overnight is
price compression that is very tight.
Here's our 30 minute opening formation
and we moved up and now we're back in
it. So let's see how that yeah went
right to the top. So let's clone it
again and work out the bottom. That
bottom gave us about halfway 50% motion,
which is really the first measure. You
want to measure the 50% area first. And
we have to see what's going on from this
perspective, whether it'll hold or
expand. We have uh some big earnings
tomorrow. We've got a pretty solid
earning slate today, right? And so
that's what we want to stare down. What
is trend? Well, since last night, since
yesterday low, we are bouncing. So, dips
are still buy zones. Let's go to a 4hour
chart and have a look. If we take a look
at the 4our chart, we're still seeing
Let's do something like this. Let's draw
that's kind of an ugly channel. Let's
not do that.
Um, let's try that again. And this time,
my eyeballs kind of help me here.
The range formation,
it's not it's not bad. It's it's pretty
solid holding this range event. So, 6850
still looks like a fair support zone. I
believe it is the do or die, the above
below region that we normally look for.
price action is
telling me that inventory is essentially
flat. There are just as many that are
bullish or bearish. You can see the RSI
also just flat, right? The stochastic
RSI gives us quick intraday ability to
trade. We get to use that if we're
saying, "Hey, I see this rolling over.
I've got flat momentum, so I should come
back into support." That's how you can
read both of these together. This is
still flat.
This is still sideways. So trend support
at that 6850 quite possible. Could we
break out over the top of this 6871
range? Absolutely. And then where do we
go?
Takes us back into the major gamma line
that puts us between positive and
negative gamma
intraday. The big line we want to get
back over is 68 to 85. So far, we
continue to make these lower highs on
this tighter frame, but the big picture
is very sideways. I used a lot of words
to tell you it's very sideways. You
know, in a very sideways pattern, you
buy support
and you sell resistance, but you want to
be careful for the wicks here. And this
is the last thing I want to say. The
wicks are pretty important. Value area
low 68.45. Value area high 6905.
The walls remain the same. 6,700 on the
put wall, 7,000 on the call wall. Now,
let's get to the NQ.
Okay, what are we staring down? Let's
see if the measured move did its thing.
It did. broke it a little but quickly
came back. And that's really remember
that's how you look at this. Am I
holding a floor of support? We've had
this formation break through.
Is it still important? I think it is.
24,800
or so. That's going to be excuse me 745
or so. This line we just broke through.
Now it's heavy congestion. It was
support that we hoped would hold. Failed
retest of that support gave us a short
dancing around this heavy congestion
zone. You know, we got ourselves price
action that is essentially caught
sideways particularly
for this motion that we are currently
sitting in. Our 30 minute price action
event looks to me today like the oneh
hour chart is better to look at for the
NQ based on range and we can see that
that's almost coming right into spot. So
this area 24,800 is very noisy. Now it's
an important zone but I don't want to
add another line there. What I would
prefer to do is use the pre-market high
as a resistance zone.
And let's let's get that edge
24,890
or so. That's going to be the
breakthrough, the move above. And this
25,000 area still very important, very
important as major resistance. What's
the trend? Well, it's up
from yesterday's low overnight inventory
essentially flat. You know, you can draw
the box around the hour and then
uh just move it down. You can also draw
Fibonacci does the same thing. Just do
the one to ones.
Right. The 50% usually pretty important.
If the range is wide, this range is very
tight. Inventory essentially flat.
Traders are waiting for something. You
can see that with the RSI.
Pullbacks are going to give us buy
zones. Bounces are going to give us sell
zones. Value area high 24,975.
Value area low 24,720.
uh demand zones 24,670.
If we lose this zone, we probably have
got a $100 uh a 100 point drop below us.
So, pretty important edge for price
action to hold. If we stare back into
the 4our, we can really see how
rangebound we are and how my levels are
really for intraday trading. If you're
looking for big sideways pressure
events, this line here at 25,123
is the top of the range. The bottom of
that range really is the put wall and
that's 24,500.
That's the zero DTE put wall. 24,000 is
the broad put wall.
26,000 is the call wall. very rangebound
into earnings events.
This is very very sideways. So any kind
of catalyst is probably going to reverse
back into uh the range. We've got to
have real material change in the
underlying of the market for it to shift
structure in this space.
As many of you know, I use Bitcoin to
help me understand liquidity in the
market.
And here we are back down at this area
near 62,000 that I said was pretty
important for the price action to hold.
And so that
my friends is definitely a do or die
space for this chart. Look at how much
time and energy it has spent in this
region. What does this tell us? Well, if
it breaks down,
we've got a move
that puts us into 53,000
or so, right? The the put wall has
shifted down. It's more reasonable here.
It's at 54,000.
The call wall is now at 73,000.
So, they've recalibrated where they're
putting this. Um, could they bounce
here? Yes. Could you have a buy zone
here? Yes. Is it something that you need
to have a very tight leash on? Yes.
Because every bounce has been a sell
zone. If I were a betting man, I would
say the bounces are going to be a sell
zone.
I know, shocker.
All you have to understand is what am I
breaking down? And you can see, look at
this clear breakdown. Yesterday, I said,
"Hey, that's the line in the sand.
65,000. If it loses that zone, we've got
ourselves the downward pressure event.
And here we are. Same same trend line.
Now we're here. Where do buyers get an
advantage? I'm not sure buyers really
get an advantage in this kind of
structure, but folks who are very short
Bitcoin
are going to start to unwind their
position if we get above 64,000
in general. So that's going to be the
number to watch. I suspect we are
trapped between 64,000 and 62,000.
Very tight compression, overnight
inventory very short. Could they begin
to unwind as the day begins? Yes. But
Bitcoin is in a reckoning. And so until
this price action tells me, hey, I've
stopped moving down, I am going to leave
the benefit of the doubt with the
seller.
Absolutely. I can't do anything but that
because trend and momentum are both
bearish. Okay. So that's what we're
staring down. If you want to take the
break to the north, looks like about
63,400.
You might try that line in the sand
taking you into 64.
But these are incremental moves. They
don't I don't see that they matter that
much. Let's go to oil. So something
super interesting happened yesterday.
Yesterday, a slurry of puts entered the
option chains in
oil further ahead but definitely
uh very bearish. So the question is if
we have real geopolitical risk is that
bearish action
um telling me something? Well, if I go
to the option chains, we are still in
backwardation. That means the forward
contracts, the ones that expire in May,
the ones that expire in June, the ones
that expire in August are significantly
cheaper than the current contract. That
is not normal. That is not normal. And
so this pricing event here for what's
actually happening inside of oil super
interesting especially because we have
saber rattling and uh I believe we told
everybody in the embassies in Lebanon to
leave as soon as they can and then of
course there's been a max exodus out of
Iran for you know months and months.
Whoever could get out
is doing their best to get out. So, what
are we staring down?
A narrative disconnect.
What does that ultimately mean?
I do not know. What I am estimating,
however, is that we're about to find out
how much real support this contract has.
We moved well out of the opening range
pre-market. We broke through the top of
that 6690 area twice. We've done it. We
did it yesterday. We did it in the
pre-market. We're looking for that level
again to push us forward. What's
happening? Well, if we take a look at
this,
I don't want to have too many of these
around. So, let me delete this. Holy
smokes, I've got a smashing headache.
Smashing it bad way. Okay, so this uh
trend line just got broken after lower
highs.
That's not particularly bullish, right?
That's that's pretty bearish. The rate
of change, interestingly, about the
same. So structural motion
appears to be measured. So nobody
dramatic doing X, Y, or Z in here. Not
at all. So let's measure the wave. But
let's use a big one.
Let's go peak to trough.
Where is our 50% marker? It's right
here. I think this is 61.8. Nope, that's
50.
6640. We just lost that. Above 6640 buy
zone.
Below 66,
we got a little bit of squish, right?
But below 66 should be a sell zone. Do I
want to put an alert right here? No.
It's super noisy. But I will draw a line
that tells us we've got something going
on here at this 6640 level. Point of
control is sitting right there. VWAP is
sitting right there. It is going to play
pingpong here. Very likely they are
trying to buy that dip. So watch the
edge. Value area high 6670.
Value area low 6590.
My supposition is that dips are still
buys.
And essentially you can see that we are
still trapped in this broader formation.
Oh my gosh, I just figured out how to do
that. That's crazy.
See this broad formation here? We're
still caught in it. Very sideways.
Little bit of break then buy. Little bit
of break then sell. I think the same
thing runs es. Look at all the supply
here. That's insane. So that's my
thought. They're going to try and keep
it underneath $67
in general. And that, my friends, is a
concerted effort. So let's take a look
at silver.
Uh very interestingly on the Bloomberg
terminal today or maybe yesterday, the
number one buyer of SLV was Jane Street.
And so I found that to be extremely
interesting. So I suspect silver's about
to do a breakout.
See the sideways action. It broke down
pretty significantly but held the
opening range of the prior day. Look at
that.
That's the opening range of yesterday's
trading event that's holding the floor
trend up. Maybe if it uses yesterday's
measured movements, which sometimes it
can the move up to 90 on the horizon.
Definitely on the horizon. Lots of
supply here though. Lots of supply. So,
if they work really hard and get through
it, we're going to have ourselves an
explosion to the north. Otherwise, we
come back down into the 80s and dance
around, try and fill up this volume
profile event. Value area low 80. Value
area high 89.
Where are the walls? Put wall 81. That's
moved up.
Oh, wow. I think the call wall's sitting
underneath here. That is very
interesting. Yep. So, Cowwell sitting
underneath here at 85. We are well over
that. That's going to give price
expansion a boost. So,
dips or buys definitely right there. So,
let's take a look at gold.
This one triggered yesterday
and is now a gigantic point of
contention. However, look at where the
opening range is.
Well, above us.
What's the likelihood of the motion
uh up right 5240 is my suspicion on an
upside pressure event. and then
downside
supply
all the way to 5130.
That being said, the zero DTE put wall
is 5163.
Pretty wide value area. 5260
is value area high.
5,15
or so value area low.
VWAP and the point of control are pretty
far apart. So the VWAP is down here at
5120,
the point of control up here at 5190.
Compression, folks, we're getting ready
to have a move.
So could you say to yourself, self, I'm
going to do a buy or a sell outside of
the range? Yes, you can. You can do a
buy stop above 5216 if that's what you
want to do. You can do a sell stop if
you're under
5160.
Other than that, this coiling here, it
is going to break. This is a very very
big coil. Now, momentum
is flat for the RSI downward for the
stochastic. That means any kind of
savage dip we have should run into
buying pressure. And so if we keep these
guys aligned,
I'm joining these two uh points down
here. This is what we're staring down.
Just a sideways
uh reversion to the mean. Okay. Spy.
not getting the spy data for um
pre-market. I think I've messed up a
setting somewhere here, but we know it's
fairly sideways. We know we're caught in
a range.
uh 679 value area low. Value area high
691.
Call wall 700. Put wall 675. It's been
there for days and days. The go no-go
line appears to be the 67980.
Below it, we should see more sellers.
Staying above it. We've got ourselves a
bounce zone. Target area back into 686,
687.
That's the VWAP line. That line changes
a lot. So let's
you know this this is the one that we
ought to have here. Yes, that's the VWAP
line. It's right up in this noisy patch.
You know the noisy patch I think ought
to be the anchored VWAP.
That's the test through the upside and
into 690.
This area is still the breakaway zone.
Above it, shorts are going to want to
cover. longs are going to jump on in.
Other than that, this is a dip by you
take it off at the midline.
Uh max pain still sitting around these
edges up here. But, you know, it's any
man's game here. We are trading in both
directions right now. Very, very
sideways. All right, folks. Take it
easy. I'll see you on the streams.
Please remember, I'll be offline for
most of Wednesday. I'll do a morning
report, but I'm out of pocket all day.
Take care.